hey guys welcome to the second tutorial
of this day here so this is my google
nexus 6 and it's a pretty big boy you
can see it also can spin so yeah so
let's just quickly go into the settings
and then go into the about phone and i
can show you that this is running 5.1
lollipop i'm going to show you how to
install it real quick so you need your
download a software called as Nexus
route tool kit from the link down below
in the description so this is the root
toolkit version 2 point 0 point 4 and
then you download this software this is
basically going to you know do all the
stuff for your device and of course you
can you can make a backup you can also
you can make a backup you can unlock the
bootloader you can also have some you
can also relock the bootloader you can
also rude so so first of all when you
first install the software and open it
up it will going to ask this device you
are using so of course if you have the
google nexus 6 then select the nexus 6
and then also select your build the bill
that you are running on for example if
you are on the previous five bit open
one just like this or if you don't know
you can just check the adult section of
your phone so yeah click on the 5.1 or
whatever bill you have i'm currently on
the five point one point zero because i
have installed my ad this update here my
nexus 6 here so when you select your
device and your device model aware and
everything you know when you are
confirmed about this section then move
down to this section flash stock plus
unroot then click on this option make
sure your first unlock means your
bootloader should be unlocked and click
OK and then click on ok if you have
already download the factory image and
you can just quickly select this top
option like browse for use with the
vector image when you click on ok we're
going to open up this rail section you
can click on this factory image if you
have downloaded separately but if you
don't want to download it separately
just click on this option select the
fumble if you want to download like I
slept with a five point one point
oh and click here okay you need to and
of course I've dollars so this option is
not showing but but yeah if you haven't
downloaded it yet you can just click
here and click here automatically
download + extract the factory may so
and just hit OK and it will going to
install the update automatically now
make sure your device should be
connected in the bootloader mode if you
don't know how to get into bootloader
mode and before going in the gulag
remote make sure that your device has
USB debugging option enabled and you can
go into settings and then developer
options select the developer options in
the developer options CD USB debugging
mode often just have to turn it on now
first power off your Nexus 6 in order to
go into fastboot mode or bootloader mode
and then hold down the power and the
volume down key for a few seconds and
your device within the bootloader mode
so let's do this okay one two three go
you can see and and also you can see
that it says that device is unlocked and
make sure you have enough battery so I
just connect your device in this state
make sure you have fast food and EV
drivers already installed and then you
connect your device we're going to you
know detected and then click OK like I
said and everything will be just
automatic and you have to wait for about
like five minutes maybe five or six
minutes and then your device will reboot
and you're going to have the android
fiber or lollipop fresh on your device
and already did a video for the next
spot you want to check it out install
your load before the nexus 9 i'll be
making a video for the nexus 9 when it
will be a webel so yeah hope you guys
have enjoyed this video and it is very
easy to do so yeah if you still have any
questions any problems to let me know in
the comment section down below as always
give this video a thumbs
and I'll see you next one piece